# Terms of Use
## Welcome to the Passport Photo  App Service. Use and access to this service is subject to your compliance with these terms of use, so please read these carefully before using the service. Passport Photo reserves the right to limit or terminate your access to the service if you do not comply with these terms.
## By accessing and using the Services in any way, you agree to be bound by these terms. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions contained in the Terms of Use, do not use the Services in any circumstances.
# Modifications To Terms Of Use
## Passport Photo may change, modify, update, add or remove portions of these terms of use at any time. Please check these terms of use periodically for changes. Your continued use the service following the posting of any changes will signify your acceptance of those changes.
# Automatic Renewal
## Unless you notify Passport Photo before the end of the applicable subscription period that you want to cancel a service or upgrade, your subscription will automatically renew and you authorize us to collect the then-applicable annual or monthly subscription fee (as well as any taxes) using any credit card or other payment mechanism we have on record for you. Subscriptions can be canceled at any time.
# Advertisements
## Passport Photo reserves the right to display advertisements on your content whether or not you have purchased a VIP.
# Term and Termination
## This Agreement shall come into effect on the date of your first use of the "Passport Photo" until terminated under its terms. Passport Photo may immediately terminate this Agreement, or terminate your access to the Services, in full or in part, at any time, with or without cause, without prior notice to you. Upon such termination, your applicable right to use the Services shall cease. You may discontinue your use of the Service for any reason and at any time by uninstalling any Service applications. Following termination, you will no longer be able to access the Services and we may erase all data related to your use of the Services.\nWe reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service, or any part or portion thereof. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Service, or any part of portion thereof. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to obligate Skycure to maintain and support the Service, or any part or portion thereof, during the term of this Agreement.
# Support
## Passport Photo strives to provide adequate and efficient technical support, upgrades and updates for the Services. Passport Photo shall, however, not be under any obligation to provide support or maintenance for the Services under these Terms and reserves the right to limit or discontinue the support, upgrades and updates provided from time to time.
